Sample for tag header based routing (#2617)
knative/docs: docs/serving/samples/tag-header-based-routing/README.md

## The feature of Tag Header Based Routing

The feature of Tag Header Based Routing allows users to send requests directly to specific revisions with
the same URL of Knative Service with specific request header "Knative-Serving-Tag: {revision-tag}".

Currently Istio and Contour Ingress support this feature.

## Prerequestie

1. A Knative cluster having Istio Ingress controller or Contour Ingress controller installed
with Knative version 0.16 and above.

1. Move into the docs directory:

```shell
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/knative/docs
```

## Enabling the feature

This feature is disabled by default. To enable this feature, run the following command:

```
kubectl patch cm config-network -n knative-serving -p '{"data":{"tagHeaderBasedRouting":"Enabled"}}'
```

## Build Images

Follow the instruction in [helloworld-go](../hello-world/helloworld-go) to build the helloworld image and upload it
to your container repository.

Modify [sample.yaml](./sample.yaml) to replace `{username}` with your Docker Hub username.

## Setting up the revisions with tag

In this sample, two revisions are created. The first revision is tagged with "rev1".

> With this configuration, users should be able to send requests directly to the first revision 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
With this configuration, users should be able to send requests directly to the first revision
```

with the URL of Knative Service plus the header "Knative-Serving-Tag: rev1".

The Knative Service are configured to route 100% traffic to the second revision, which means if users do not
provide "Knative-Serving-Tag" or provide an incorrect value for "Knative-Serving-Tag", the requests will be
routed to the second revision.

Run the following command to set up above configurations.

```
kubectl apply -f docs/serving/samples/tag-header-based-routing/sample.yaml
```

## Check the created resources

Check created two revisions using the following command
```
kubectl get revisions
```

> You should see two revisions: `tag-header-revision-1` and `tag-header-revision-2`. It may take one or two minutes 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
You should see two revisions: `tag-header-revision-1` and `tag-header-revision-2`. It may take one or two minutes
```

for the revisions to become ready.

Check the Knative Service using the following command

```
kubectl get ksvc tag-header -oyaml
```

You should see the following block which indicates the tag `rev1` is successfully added to the first revision.

```
  - revisionName: tag-header-revision-1
    percent: 0
    tag: rev1
  - revisionName: tag-header-revision-2
    percent: 100
```

## Sending request with tag header

1. Run the following command to send request to the first revision.

```
curl ${INGRESS_IP} -H "Host:tag-header.default.example.com" -H "Knative-Serving-Tag:rev1"
```
where ${INGRESS_IP} is the IP of your Ingress.

You should get response

```
Hello First Revision!
```

1. Run the following command to send requests without "Knative-Serving-Tag" header

```
curl ${INGRESS_IP} -H "Host:tag-header.default.example.com"
```

> You should get the response from the second revision, which is 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
You should get the response from the second revision, which is
```

> This sample illustrates the feature "Tag Header Based Routing".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample explains the use of tag header based routing.
```

Author: Done

## Tag Header Based Routing Feature

> The feature "Tag Header Based Routing" allows users to send requests directly to specific tagged Revisions with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tag header based routing allows users to send requests directly to specific tagged revisions with
```

Author: Done

> the same URL of Knative Service. In order to achieve this, users only need to specific header "Knative-Serving-Tag:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the same URL of Knative Service. In order to achieve this, users only need to set the specific header "Knative-Serving-Tag:
```

> the same URL of Knative Service. In order to achieve this, users only need to specific header "Knative-Serving-Tag: 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
the same URL of Knative Service. In order to achieve this, users only need to specific header "Knative-Serving-Tag:
```

> the same URL of Knative Service. In order to achieve this, users only need to set the specific header "Knative-Serving-Tag:
> {revision-tag}" into the request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the same URL of Knative Service. To do this, you must set the specific header `Knative-Serving-Tag:
{revision-tag}` in the request.
```

Author: Done

> Currently Istio and Contour Ingress support this feature.

Reviewer 4: Could you please add Kourier in the list? It was implemented and landed in v0.16 release https://github.com/knative/net-kourier/pull/110

Author: Done

> Currently Istio, Contour and Kourier Ingress support this feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently Istio, Contour and Kourier ingress support this feature.
```

Author: Done

## Prerequestie

> 1. A Knative cluster having Istio Ingress controller or Contour Ingress controller installed

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. A Knative cluster that has an Istio Ingress controller or Contour Ingress controller installed
```

> 1. A Knative cluster that has an Istio Ingress controller or Contour Ingress controller installed
> with Knative version 0.16 and above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. A Knative cluster that has an ingress controller installed
with Knative version 0.16 and above.
```

Reviewer 2: Doc already mentions which ingresses are supported, so I don't think we need to call them out again, or else also add Kourier here?

Author: SGTM

1. Move into the docs directory:

```shell
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/knative/docs

> ```

Reviewer 2: Why is this step required? Doesn't seem relevant?

Author: Because in the step of "Setting up the revisions with tag", we ask users to run command 
```
kubectl apply -f docs/serving/samples/tag-header-based-routing/sample.yaml
```

The path `docs/serving/samples/tag-header-based-routing/sample.yaml` is the relative directory which requires users move into $GOPATH/src/github.com/knative/docs

> ## Enabling the feature

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Enabling tag header based routing
```

Author: Done

This feature is disabled by default. To enable this feature, run the following command:

```
kubectl patch cm config-network -n knative-serving -p '{"data":{"tagHeaderBasedRouting":"Enabled"}}'
```

> ## Build Images

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Build images
```

Author: Done

> Follow the instruction in [helloworld-go](../hello-world/helloworld-go) to build the `helloworld` image and upload it

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in [helloworld-go](../hello-world/helloworld-go) to build the `helloworld` image and upload it
```

to your container repository.

Replace `{username}` in the [sample.yaml](./sample.yaml) with your Docker Hub username.

## Setting up the revisions with tag

In this sample, two Revisions are created. The first Revision is tagged with "rev1".

> With this configuration, users should be able to send requests directly to the first Revision 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
With this configuration, users should be able to send requests directly to the first Revision
```

with the URL of Knative Service plus the header "Knative-Serving-Tag: rev1".

> The Knative Service are configured to route 100% traffic to the second Revision, which means if users do not

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The Knative Service is configured to route 100% traffic to the second Revision, which means if users do not
```

> In this sample, two Revisions are created. The first Revision is tagged with "rev1".
> With this configuration, users should be able to send requests directly to the first Revision
> with the URL of Knative Service plus the header "Knative-Serving-Tag: rev1".
> 
> The Knative Service is configured to route 100% traffic to the second Revision, which means if users do not
> provide "Knative-Serving-Tag" or provide an incorrect value for "Knative-Serving-Tag", the requests will be
> routed to the second Revision.
> 
> Run the following command to set up the Knative Service and Revisions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this sample, two revisions are created. The first revision is tagged with `rev1`.
With this configuration, users can send requests directly to the first revision
using the URL of Knative service plus the header `Knative-Serving-Tag: rev1`.

The Knative service is configured to route all of the traffic to the second revision, which means if users do not
provide the `Knative-Serving-Tag`, or they provide an incorrect value for `Knative-Serving-Tag`, the requests will be
routed to the second revision.

Run the following command to set up the Knative service and revisions:
```

Author: I made the changes except Revision->revision and Service -> service.

```
kubectl apply -f docs/serving/samples/tag-header-based-routing/sample.yaml
```

## Check the created resources

> Check the two created Revisions using the following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the two created revisions using the following command:
```

Author: Same here

```
kubectl get revisions
```

> You should see there are two Revisions: `tag-header-revision-1` and `tag-header-revision-2`. It may take one or two minutes 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
You should see there are two Revisions: `tag-header-revision-1` and `tag-header-revision-2`. It may take one or two minutes
```

> You should see there are two Revisions: `tag-header-revision-1` and `tag-header-revision-2`. It may take one or two minutes
> for the Revisions to become ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should see there are two revisions: `tag-header-revision-1` and `tag-header-revision-2`. It may take a few minutes for the revisions to become ready.
```

Author: Done

> Check the Knative Service using the following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check the Knative service using the following command
```

Author: Same here

```
kubectl get ksvc tag-header -oyaml
```

You should see the following block which indicates the tag `rev1` is successfully added to the first Revision.

```
  - revisionName: tag-header-revision-1
    percent: 0
    tag: rev1
  - revisionName: tag-header-revision-2
    percent: 100
```

## Sending request with tag header

> 1.  Run the following command to send request to the first Revision.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Run the following command to send a request to the first revision:
```

Author: Done

    ```
    curl ${INGRESS_IP} -H "Host:tag-header.default.example.com" -H "Knative-Serving-Tag:rev1"
    ```

>     where `${INGRESS_IP}` is the IP of your Ingress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    where `${INGRESS_IP}` is the IP of your ingress.
```

Author: Done

>     You should get the following response

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You should get the following response:
```

Author: Done

    ```
    Hello First Revision!
    ```

> 1.  Run the following command to send requests without "Knative-Serving-Tag" header

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Run the following command to send requests without the `Knative-Serving-Tag` header:
```

Author: Done

    ```
    curl ${INGRESS_IP} -H "Host:tag-header.default.example.com"
    ```

>     You should get the response from the second Revision, which is 

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
    You should get the response from the second Revision, which is
```

>     You should get the response from the second Revision, which is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You should get the response from the second revision:
```

Author: Done

    ```
    Hello Second Revision!
    ```

> 1.  Run the following command to send requests with incorrect "Knative-Serving-Tag" header

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Run the following command to send requests with an incorrect `Knative-Serving-Tag` header:
```

Author: Done

    ```
    curl ${INGRESS_IP} -H "Host:tag-header.default.example.com" -H "Knative-Serving-Tag:wrongHeader"
    ```

>     You should get the response from the second Revision too, which is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You should get the response from the second revision:
```

Author: Done
